Don't provoke me
I'm not the only one who wants to know the answer
But I'm not afraid of you saying
The General's Office has its own channels
So-called modification
Before the tribulation is dead
It's not immortal, is it?
You're right actually.
Princess Bird's cultivation base?
It's far from being immortal
So the Maliang brothers
Are you interested?
Go big
What do you mean?
Say yes in advance.
I am not a Rakshasa people
The coaxing between you?
I'm not really interested.
Of course I know this
But baby bird to brother you
It is also an object that has to be guarded against
After all, your older brother
Hmph, I don't have the courage to decide with him head-on
Does the general know a lot?
Do you want me to help you or
Hahahahaha, this general really didn't see the wrong person.
That's right, it's not me who wants to mess with him
And my Majesty, why are you here?
Hey
These little things can be done by the minions
That's not true.
Since you really want to do it
It must be inappropriate to hide behind the scenes all the time
Since it is His Majesty the Emperor
How rude of that!
However, I don't understand one thing.
Isn't the baby bird princess your biological sister?
Having said that
But
If it is the sister who sends your place every day
How do you choose? I see.
I finally understand.
Why is the Rakshasa Kingdom God's Gift Ceremony?
I didn't see His Majesty the Emperor
That's the reason